more concise readme to encourage reading (#221)
fusion-energy/neutronics-workshop: README.md

# Fusion Neutronics workshop
A selection of resources for learning fusion neutronics simulations with a
particular focus on [OpenMC](https://openmc.org/), [DAGMC](https://svalinn.github.io/DAGMC/)
and [Paramak](https://paramak.readthedocs.io)

There is a 
[slide](https://slides.com/neutronics_workshop/neutronics_workshop) deck that introduces
the workshop and show the expected outputs of each task.

> These examples requires several specific versions of software packages and nuclear data to run correctly.

Author: ```suggestion
These examples require specific versions of software packages and nuclear data to run correctly.
```

> Therefore I recommend making use of this containerised environment to run these example notebooks.

Author: ```suggestion
Therefore I highly recommend making use of this containerised environment to run these example notebooks.
```
